With Apple is similar
a little bit more complicated
apart from paying the annual amount,
okay, so
we are done with this part so
we are done with the console for now.
Now going back to the setup,
so there is no link, okay?
So if you scroll down, there is a section
here that says code generator, okay?
In code generator,
what you have is some kind of
a visual tool to create
the sign-in buttons automatically.
The only requirement
before actually pasting
this code is if I go back again
to the top in the setup, or
in fact after the setup,
is to load the client library here.
So that is just copy and
pasting this in my HTML.
By the way, you already have
that here to copy and paste.
Okay, from the companion website.
And you will see this
script body in a second.
In fact, I can just copy it right now.
So I am going to copy and
paste this in my HTML.
Okay, by the way, brace yourself for
having a lot of messages
in the console right now,
mostly when you are in localhost.
So when you are in localhost,
some things, some security policies when
this library is trying to bring
data from Google, it doesn't work.
So you will start seeing
errors in the console, okay?
And that's Google, it's on Google, okay?
And it's because it's localhost.
But anyway, it will work,
just pray for that.
So now, now that I have the client,
let's go back to our generator here.
So I'm going to look again
To the code generator.
So I need to paste here
my Google client ID.
Where is the Google client ID
in the credential sections?
You can always copy the ID from here.
Okay, so I will paste it here, and
it says, okay, what's the context or
what do you wanna show to the user,
sign in, sign up, or just use?
You pick, it's about the wording.
At the end, it's just the same, okay?
Then, what's the URL for your login?
And if you have a single page application,
we are not going to provide a URL,
we are going to swap to
a JavaScript callback.
So I need to provide a global
function that I will have in my
window global object that will be executed
by Google after a successful login.
Make sense?
And for that, that's why I have
this function that I call that
login from Google that receives the data.
And it's sending that data
to our Auth object to
a function that we need to create, okay?
But for now, I'm going to use this name
login from Google, the global function.
So coming back here,
that's the name of my function.
Okay, next and here I need to enable one
of these two options, I can enable both.
One tab or sign in with Google,
Sign in with Google
is like the, let's say the simplest one.
It's the one that has the icon sign in
with Google, you can customize the theme.
They're not like infinite themes,
but yeah, the blue one, okay.
You can change the text a little bit,
continue with Google or
sign in with a Google name.
Then the height, if you want it to be
small, and kind of that's all, okay?
You can define here what
kind of icon do you prefer?
Also the theme of the icon.
But I mean, you cannot do wherever you
want, and by the way, you can see how it
looks like on light themes and dark themes
as well, how it would look like, okay?
So that's like okay, and
also you can prefer redirect or
a popup because we
are a single page application.
We prefer in a pop-up, so
it's not really making any redirects.
It will take the language from user's
computer, but if you wanna force English,
you can do it from here.
If not, it's kind of weird that, I mean,
if you have a browser in Portuguese,
it will appear.
I mean, maybe your whole website is in
English and that part is in Portuguese.
So it feels weird.
So some authors or some content creator
for just speaking English and that's all,
so it doesn't feel like why is this part
of my websites in a different language.
And one tab is the one that is more
aggressive, turning on or not.
Man is more aggressive because he's
the one that will actually pop up and
leave over your content,
suggesting aggressively to the user to
sign in with one tap to this website.
This is the one that will show your
face on other people's websites,
or it was doing that until today.
And also, you can enable
auto-select credential, okay, and
even on some browsers, ITP browsers here,
you can get what that means.
This is a native dialogue.
I mean, if you are in Chrome on Android,
instead of seeing a div,
it can pop up a native dialog from
Chrome with your image saying,
do you wanna sign in,
in this website automatically?
And you can disable that
if you don't want that.
Let's be the more aggressive that I can,
okay?
So I will say everything, yes.
Get cold, and I just need to copy and
paste this into my HTML somewhere.
Okay, so I will copy this,
go back to my HTML.
And let's,
I think I will do that in the login.
I can also do that in the register, but
yeah, after registering
an account instead,
after that,
I could open a new fieldset for this.
I'm going to paste these dips.
Yeah, I don't like them to be dips,
but anyway.
It is what it is.
So by the way, all the properties that
I have should define are there in
data custom properties so
you can change them from here.
So now, I'm saving this, my client ID,
you can see it's public so
it's there, that's my public ID,
but maybe you're thinking,
hey, what happens if someone
else is getting my public ID and
publishing this in their own websites?
Well, remember that from the backend
of Google, we need to enable origins.
So Google will not let other
origins to use my client ID.
Make sense?
So now if I go back to my website,
let's do one more thing
before testing this.
Remember the global function that I have?
My global function is calling login
from Google on the Auth object.
That doesn't exist right now.
So let's create that one.
Login from Google.
And for now let's say,
it receives data, and
it just sending that
data to the console so
we can see what we received
from Google before
connecting this with our backend, okay?
So refreshing.
Well, look at this.
Remember, I already said be careful
because you will start seeing
a lot of error messages.
These error messages
are coming from Google.
And it's okay.
Look at this.
And you see that at the bottom.
In fact, let me remove this.
Let's put it there.
So that dialogue, continue as Maximiliano,
that's the aggressive website.
So that's my face, my Gmail account, okay,
continue as Maximiliano with my name,
in a website that this is the first time
I'm visiting, at least from this account.
It's aggressive, okay?
This UI will probably disappear.
It will be less aggressive
in the next years, okay?
But for now, it's there.
If I say, okay, I wanna continue
as Maximiliano, actually, it says,
okay, I need to confirm that I wanna sign
in to Coffee Masters as Maximiliano.
Okay, confirmed.
Verifying.
Okay, cool.
Everything you saw there are just
dibs on my dome that wasn't
the native experience,
in fact it will happen also in Safari,
because it said or
everything happens in HTML, okay?
So if I inspect now and go to my console
despite all the error messages, okay?
There is an object.
And in this object, okay, I have
a client ID, that's my public client ID.
And I have something that says credential,
okay?
And yeah, I have my credential here.
And probably you're thinking,
okay, what's that, okay?
Well, that's a JWT.
Is the JSON Web Token, okay?
And yeah, it feels like nothing
appears as useful from there,
but there are some websites such as jwt.io
where you can actually quickly debug this.
So I can paste this, and
I can see what's inside.
And this is actually a JSON with
data that was encoded as a string,
as what, as one string.
So here you can see my given name,
a family name.
Okay, my picture.
So this is a link to the JPEG of my
face in case you wanna download that and
save that in your database.
Okay, and also you will find
there my email and my AUID.
My audience ID.
Actually, this is kind
of my ID within Google.
So I should save this server side,
that means that's me so
next time, if I login with Google again,
that will be my idea.
By the way, that ID changes per
client to avoid fingerprinting,
okay, so tomorrow if I log in another
website, they will get a different one.
So it's not representing me.
So that is me on this website.